Kevin, 

Thanks again for making this an easy process! 

(The fiverr videos and logins for bluehost/Stripe, etc are on the way. More to follow.)

Here are some suggestions for the landing page:

Link FAQ to: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/157j__kX9vZOW03tVu_RpY1WRNTuYPPsF

Link "Write With Us" to:
https://goo.gl/forms/KVjtFjeoj7TyNyQx1


Consider some slightly different pictures (as you and I discussed)
"Fast Federal Resumes"; can the letters be made prettier (not a logo, but not a boring font)? It just looks a little boring. 
Change "Sign Up For Only $297/Month" to "Sign Up Starting at $197"
Under "Patrons of Fast Federal Resumes" please change to (if you can fit them all and make it look good; if not, remove a couple):
Police Officers
Secretaries
Physicians
Maintenance Mechanics
Cooks
Medical Support Assistants
Administrative Officers
Electricians
Information Technology Specialists
Officer Clerks
Janitors/Custodians
Lawyers
Contact info at bottom of landing page: Info@FastFederalResumes.com     (563) 265-2687
 


Here are some suggestions for the Check out page:

Change header "Start your subscription-$297/mo cancel anytime" to Sign Up Today Starting At $197
Remove 14-day money back guarantee and replace with a "Satisfaction Guarantee" (Get 2 Re-Writes within 48 hours if you are not satisfied your resume will get you an interview)
There are two 'videos' on the right-hand side. Please remove the bottom one. I will have only one video there. 

Pricing:

Federal Job Search Coaching (1 Hour): $50
Resume Review (1 Hour): $50
Resume Writing:
    GS-4 and below: $197
    GS-5/7/9: $297
    GS-5/7/9GS-5/7/9: $497
    GS-13/14/15: $797  
Interview Coaching (2 Hours): $197
Salary/Benefits Negotiation (2 Hours): $497
 
(Is it possible to also offer to break up payments up into 3 separate monthly payments via stripe??) My current resume writer says payment plans bring in lots more business....If not, I can live without. 


Change "What you'll receive today" to "Here is What You Need to Know"

(next to the check marks on the righthand side:)

WHATS NEXT? After signing up, you will be emailed a link to our calendar where you can choose a date/time for your initial one-hour consultation with one of our expert resume writers. To schedule an appointment you will need to fill out our simple intake form, which requires you to upload your current resume.  If you don't have a current resume, please read the following link for tips on how to initially build a basic federal resume:  https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/how-to/account/documents/resume/build/

WHAT ARE YOUR BUSINESS HOURS? We are available 9am-9pm EST Fri-Mon via live-chat, contact form, and email.

I CAN WRITE MY OWN RESUME. WHY WOULD I NEED YOU? If you can write your own high-quality federal resume -- go for it! We are here for those who are intimidated by the federal application process, who aren't skilled writers, who dislike writing resumes, who want professionals to ensure their resume includes all the federal lingo and buzzwords, or who simply DON'T WANT TO write their own resume.  If CURRENT federal employees use us for creating powerful resumes so they can get promoted, you probably should too!

WHY SHOULD I USE YOU INSTEAD OF A FREE RESUME WRITER? Keep in mind that "free" doesn't mean high-quality and it certainly doesn't mean they should automatically be trusted. Does the resume writer know the difference between "WG" and "GS"? Hint: It matters when it comes to federal resumes. Does the resume writer know how a "merit promotion panel" rates and ranks WG applicants? They should! All of our resume writers know these things, which will give your resume an advantage over other applicants. 

WHAT IF I AM UNHAPPY WITH THE FINAL RESUME? We offer 2 rewrites within 48 hours of receiving your final resume. We WANT you to be happy!

DO YOU OFFER A MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE? No. We do not decide who gets called for interviews. That is up to the hiring manager. Because we have no control over who gets called for interviews we cannot offer your money back. 
 
I HAVE MORE QUESTIONS. No problem. Chat with us below or contact us at Info@FastFedealResumes.com and we will respond within one business day.

YOU SOUND LIKE THE WORLDS BEST FEDERAL RESUME WRITERS! Haha, we concur!




Featured Testimonials 

 
Ken, you went step by step! I learned about a lot of things that I had no clue about like the differences between federal and private-sector resumes and how to negotiate salary. I even learned about interviewing and how to control the interview. I could go on and on. Hire Ken and you have made a great investment and will get your money back 10-fold. I know because I got hired!!

Ken taught me step-by-step how to slay the federal hiring process dragon!  Do it...you will reach your goal!  Just got my offer today for GS-12!! 
--JGR

"Ken, thank you so kindly for the time, effort and dedication you have put into this. I knew little going in and now I am filled with knowledge. This was worth it. So, thank you, thank you, and thank you. I'm glad I invested. YOU ROCK! 
--R. Ali.

"Ken demonstrates an enormous amount of patience, ensuring that everyone is comfortable with the subject matter. He is not only friendly but also is engaging. Ken displays a genuine concern for the folks he consults for. In addition, Ken is a great communicator and I was impressed by the depth of knowledge he has in Federal Human Resources. With my fine-tuned resume now I'm getting more referrals and interviews." 
-- Brooke F.

After working with Ken I am 110% sure that ALL my previous applications and resumes through USAJOBS ended up in the trash (LOL). Thank you so much! 
--A.V.